hey everyone this is allen from digital
product review and today i'm going to be
showing you guys how to go about
interacting with the kindle three wall
is inside one of the water guard cases
by training digital in this demo i'll
also be showing you guys how to turn on
the kindle while it is inside of the
case in front of me i have three of the
products in the water guard series line
the first is a water card plus case
which features a strap a detachable
strap as well as a nice layer of padding
in the back the next product is the
water guard case for the kindle fee
which is what i'll be doing the demo on
it two features of strap at the back and
the third part which actually has not
been released yet in this case it's
known as the splash guard case and
you'll be hearing more about this case
in the future today we're going to be
doing the demo on the water guard case
by trendy digital but this demo applies
to all three of the cases that i just
mentioned so now we're going to go ahead
and place the kindle inside or the case
for detailed instruction on how to do
this please refer to my previous video
on how to check to make sure the two
layers of secure seal are properly
fascinating but basically the idea here
is that we want to make sure we hear
popping sounds on both layers of the
secure seal and one for sure we can't
make any more popping sounds we fold the
two layers of secure seal inside and
then we bond help case so as you can see
currently the kindle three is in sleep
mode but what we want to do is turn on
the case sorry not the case but the
device so to do that we want to first
ease the device towards the top of the
case which as you can see has already
been done and now we have we can place
our finger over the power slider and
just slide the switch to turn on the
Kindle now while the Kindles inside of
this case we still can easily access all
the major buttons for example right now
we're going to be accessing the
navigation buttons push is very easy and
very smooth as well and we can also
access the page turn funds at the side
of the e-reader device so in conclusion
accessing the power button switch for
the kindle three is really not a problem
as i showed in this video and
interacting with the kindle three while
the devices inside of the case is also
very easy so thank you for watching guys
enjoy